Docs: refresh onboarding and tutorials structure for Read the Docs (#270)
prommis/prommis: docs/getting_started.md

> # Getting started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Getting Started
```
To match the convention set by WaterTAP and IDAES

Reviewer: Hopefully this change will also capitalize the "Started" on the sidebar

This page gets you started with the PrOMMiS Python package.

> It depends on the [IDAES](https://idaes-pse.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) and [WaterTAP](https://watertap.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) Python packages, which means that these will be automatically installed as part of its installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PrOMMiS is dependent on the [IDAES](https://idaes-pse.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) and [WaterTAP](https://watertap.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) Python packages, which means that these will be automatically installed as part of its installation.
```
This sounds a bit cleaner imo

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/prommis/prommis/pull/270/commits/83d30574f2ffa32e4f7b62cabea6a098e265aff2

## For PrOMMiS developers

Unless otherwise noted, these commands assume that the working directory is the root of the local clone of this repository (i.e., the directory containing the `README.md`).

### Installation

```sh
conda create --name prommis-dev --yes python=3.11
conda activate prommis-dev
git clone https://github.com/prommis/prommis && cd prommis
pip install -r requirements-dev.txt
```

### Before committing

Before running any of these commands, ensure the `prommis-dev` Conda environment has been activated:

```sh
conda activate prommis-dev
```

#### Sort import statements

```sh
isort src/prommis
```

#### Formatting code

```sh
black .
```

#### Running linter (Pylint)

```sh
pylint prommis
```

#### Running spell checker (Typos)

```sh
typos
```

Note: if the `typos` executable is not found, it can be installed by running `conda install --yes -c conda-forge typos` after activating the `prommis-dev` Conda environment.

#### Running tests

```sh
pytest                          # run the complete test suite

> pytest -k test_my_flowsheet.py  # run only test defined in the file named test_my_flowsheet.py

Reviewer: Does this still work like this after #262 got merged?

Reviewer: @tristantc The `pytest -k [flowsheet_name]` is no longer necessary. Just running `pytest [filepath]` is all that's needed to run an individual test now, so this text should be updated accordingly
